Dear Craig Baxter, Production at J. Glaciol. --

> I have attached page proofs of your paper. Please check these proofs carefully,
> answering any specific queries we have indicated.
> You can return these proofs to us by:
> -- e-mailing a list of corrections, citing page, column and line number.
> -- e-mailing the corrected pdf back to us with the corrections clearly marked
> -- fax ...

The page proofs look quite good!

I have listed corrections below at the end of this email.  The attached scanned
PDF is auxiliary, to confirm/corroborate the corrections listed below.

> I have also attached the order form and authorization to publish forms. ...

I will return these in my next email.

> If your paper contains material that would be of interest to a wider
> readership than that of the Journal/Annals of Glaciology, we would be
> happy to promote (via the IGS website, Facebook and Twitter) any press
> release that you or your institution's press office produce to coincide
> with publication. Please let us have any relevant details.

I think the current technical article is not a good candidate for such
treatment.


------- CORRECTIONS: --------

page 1, abstract, 4th line:  "equally spaced" --> "equally-spaced"

page 1, introduction, 4th line:  There is a reference here to a possibly-oral comment by
Orowan at a 1949 British Glaciological Society meeting, which was then written
down by someone for the minutes.  I think that for clarity the in-text citation
should say "(Orowan, 1949)" not "(British Glaciological Society, 1949)",
even if the BGS was the "author" of the minutes (and their publisher).
At several points I refer, *accurately*, to the "Orowan-Nye" solution, so the
reader will be confused by the current citation.

page 1, introduction, 6th line:  "(investigated by Bodvarsson, 1955)" -->
"(Bodvarsson, 1955)"

page 1, introduction, 13th line:  "The latter, plug-flow, solution" --> "The
latter plug-flow solution"

page 1, introduction, 2nd paragraph, 12th line:  "errors using two different"
--> "errors from two different"
